On every slide, the first slide, I have quotes, and I know that you don't read them.
at all, because you don't need to read them to pass or get a good grade.
But this one is pretty cool.
The quote from Alice in Wonderland.
One can't believe impossible things, said Alice.
I dare say you haven't had much practice, said the queen.
Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
So that's totally suitable for this lecture.
A lot of impossible things are going to happen today.
CQCQ Ladies and gentlemen every once in a while my voice isn't gonna start it feels fine, but sometimes I'm drawing some blanks here So just make sure you remember that I am Katniss as you can see is number one in the chat I'm gonna switch that off and very briefly this thing is gonna pause unless I can do that without a
and do that like that, can't I?
No.
No, that's the other chat.
Look at that.
There's that thing.
Let's do it like that, and then let's do it like this.
Thank you very much for joining me.
Good to see everybody.
I've been getting all kinds of requests, and so I'm going to address those at the beginning of this stream.
Overwhelming amount of requests recently via email and text message.
other bombardments, so I thought I would just cover it really quick one more time.
Good to see everybody in the chat.
I am Katniss with the big win today.
Checks in the mail.
The voice that you hear is that of Jonathan J. Cooley.
I come to you live out of the back of my garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where I am the chief biologist of GigaOM Biological.
You can find the stain of my academic career
on the National Library of Medicine's PubMed website using my last name, my first two initials.
You can also find a lot of my ideas distorted and obfuscated in the form of weak arguments between Claire Craig and Jessica Hockett.
and between Pierre Corey and Jessica Hockett.
Jessica Hockett is a woman who lives in Chicago, as far as she told me.
And Jonathan Engler, her co-author on a lot of these clown shows, is a guy from the UK who claims to be a dude who retired from Big Pharma and then decided in his retirement to go to law school and now is rescuing the world as part of a group called Heart.
Anywho, I was picked up as a free agent after getting fired from the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine in 2021.
In 2022 by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and I helped him write the Wuhan cover-up book as a consultant until 2023 when I was picked up by Children's Health Defense and boy has it been a long strange trip
And now this is the picture, of course, that everybody gets really upset about.
How can we see these pictures with you and all of these people?
And then we're supposed to believe that you're a good guy.
The only picture that you need to understand is the picture right here.
This is a picture of me and my college best friend, Nathan.
And he passed away because I was trapped by these people in a lie about a little mystery virus.
a Scooby-Doo mystery that I was supposed to be a hero in solving and I think a lot of these people would still be my friends and still be helping my family if I'd have gone along with it.
But I didn't go along with it and this is a stream I'm dedicating to Nathan and in memory to also Brandy Vaughn, someone who said it right when no one else around her would.
I'm gonna mix this in with the theme of Hoosiers because I think we're winning big time right now.
You see, these actors were put in place to curate a narrative, not because there's a virus that they had to hide or gain a function, a virology that needed a cover-up.
It's because their pivot to personalized medicine in the form of transformation and transfection was going to happen.
And they needed an elaborate mythology that would allow that to happen, and that's what the novel virus is there for.
And that's what these people, that's why these people, one of the things they never question is the novel virus, finding it by PCR and sequencing it.
And so the harsh message right away off the top is get off social media.
The way they pulled this off is with X. If they wouldn't have had Twitter and the freest of thinking people on Twitter doing what they thought was chasing the truth,
then those freest and busiest of thinkers during the pandemic would have been free to find it.
But instead, they were trapped on Twitter by an illusion that they thought was some kind of free space that they were interacting with, and that was not the case at all.
And we know that more than ever right now.
It's just a spectacular commitment to lies on that medium and any other medium where you have no idea how it is that you're meeting people and who's putting things in front of you.
These guys, for example, just a clown show put in place five years ago, and ZDogg even earlier was auditioning even earlier.
wanting a career in music medicine or something like that.
And now two of the three of these guys are doing a regular podcast under the banner of the FDA.
And that is not by accident, that is by very careful design, the same way that Brian Hooker used to not say the word autism in 2013.
And now he says the word autism and he says the words health freedom and he's actually helping them to change our children into experimental animals.
In condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
In condition that we will not call autism.
And so as we move forward and you see that the taller the tree is, the more wind it catches from the big wigs.
Jonathan, who's talking about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And the calendar keeps moving on.
Your latest video with Paul was amazing.
And the way that these people played me is all there.
Can you hear me better now?
Yes, much better.
There's no explanation.
It was really, like, it nailed down two things for me.
But I finally really understand the infectious clone idea.
And I think it's very, very likely what happened.
JJ?
Sorry, yes, go ahead.
Are you going to do the CD and tape analogy?
Because that really, really hit home for me.
And I think people would love to hear that analogy because they can A, relate to it, and then B, really understand the significance of, you know,
And so we move on and on.
And the one illusion is that Jessica Rose has been speaking out all along.
She's one of these heroes that's had her mind in the right place at the right time.
And you know the other guy who they've been telling us that story about is Kevin McCairn, interestingly enough, because Kevin McCairn was right in 2020.
It's literally turning into worst case scenario.
And he was also right in 2024.
And in fact that's all they ever had, right, was this illusion that they're all fighting each other.
Kevin McCairn was sure that Andrew Kaufman and Tom Cowan were real bad guys.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
But Jiki Leakes, Jiki Leakes has always known that I was right.
In 2022, he knew that I was right.
And then suddenly, he got all wussy about it, all weird about it, because again, he's part of the show.
He might even be Nick Hudson.
He might've even been Panda.
He might've been one of these guys.
Who knows?
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is JJ Cooey, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.
And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline, from what I understand.
What I know for sure, for sure, is that this timeline doesn't make any sense.
insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
Because I told the Weinsteins and Chris Martenson and Alexandros Marinos and Matt Crawford and Heather Haying on Signal in 2021.
Transfections rather than vaccines.
And they never took it.
Insistence and I think even tweeting about it in 2024.
These are traitors ladies and gentlemen And I I don't know how to explain it to you any other way than to say that they're all on the same script And you can't change it I've tried who have inspired a lot of Thought for me people like JJ Cooley, you know who's regarded by a few people as by some people as sort of this kind of
savant or idiot or something, that his ideas are just too terrible and too incompatible with the biology that they learnt.
And in many ways, they are.
And in many ways they are, aren't they?
And now we're in... The question about pandemic.
And Stephen, your immunology professor said very good, because the question was very good.
And of course, as I've been trying to say for four years now, there is no pandemic, there was no pandemic, and there will be no pandemic.
And
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
There's no reason to discuss this anymore because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
Interesting.
So if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
You can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
It's going to crash on me now.
I did something wrong there.
And so we're supposed to stop talking about it then.
If there was no pandemic, then everybody agrees on it, then we might as well stop talking about it.
And that is absurd.
Of course it's absurd, but that's where we are.
That's how bad this is.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's really important not to be a liar.
the specialization should make you suspicious because if it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on, then it's presumably gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate.
And then one should be a little bit suspicious.
And that's, that's a, that's sort of my starting, my starting bias.
I think, but you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
It's hard.
It's a hard message.
It's not a message for everyone, but it is a message for anyone looking for the truth.
None of them say murder.
None of them mention that supplementary oxygen induces acute respiratory distress syndrome.
Ventilators were used to stop spread or a lack of antibiotic use being murder.
or mentioned the multi-year opioid crisis, which is responsible for a drastic reduction in life expectancy in America.
And none of them mentioned Brandy Vaughn, even though a lot of them were on stage with her before the pandemic.
None of them explained PCR as a fraud.
None of them explain injection versus ingestion as Brandy put it, or the fact that injection is not medicine as I've stumbled upon myself.
And many people have said better than us before that.
And none mention the population pyramid, which is the source of the biological signal they're calling.
a crisis and none of them mentioned Brandy Vaughn.
How to not say murder is don't mention the supplementary oxygen, don't mention a lack of antibiotic use, don't mention the opioid crisis, don't mention PCR as an ongoing system-wide fraud and remnant stream, don't mention the argument of injection versus ingestion and the biological differences between them, and do not mention the population pyramids neither as a problem
Um, nor as a potential reason for the solution and do not mention Brandy Vaughn.
That's how you do it.
Um, and that's how these people have done it.
You can tell if someone's lying, how they've done it.
You can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important.
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation, what was it?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Yes.
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue.
Well, they interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different.
No, it depends on how they used it.
Okay.
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it, so... I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
The lighting is a little off because I have the back lights on as well.
So you're just gonna have to tolerate that.
Let me get these cameras ready to go.
Looking a little shiny.
It's been a long, long, strange trip, ladies and gentlemen.
And I'm very, very happy that we're still rocking and rolling together.
This is GigaOM Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by a biologist.
Just one second.
I'll double this up.
See if I can make that go away.
Go back here.
That looks a little better.
Um, I think today is going to be a fun one because what I'm going to try and do is, um, just do an exercise in trying to see the, the biology that we're, we're trying to change to see the, the message that we're trying to change and how it's embedded in almost everything that anyone creates that anyone, how anyone thinks about the world and tries to relay that thought to other people.
This whole bad biology is stuck in there.
Again, this is GigaOM Biological.
If you want to help this message get out, please go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to support me and my family.
If you do that, right now I won't be using the money to do anything other than to support me and my family.
That being said, I've picked up side jobs.
My family and I are doing okay because we have a strong set of supporters that give us 10 bucks every month and we have a couple people that have given us a little more periodically and so we're okay.
But I assure you if we
can get our feet off the ground here and a nonprofit set up.
There are going to be billboards.
There are going to be people like maybe even Mark Kulak that are going to be employees that can be, you know,
really sort of given the soil that they need to blossom in rather than whatever is currently going on.
Now, that's why I'm very happy to collaborate with Mark Hulak on stream.gigaohm.bio.
He also kicks in $100 every month for that, which is like a third of it.
So it's very, very much a project, both of him and I, even though all of the dot-com part is Gigaohm.
So thank you very much again for being here.
If you want to be notified by my wife, before this starts, please send an email to gigaohmhq at proton.me.
We just started using Proton.
I don't think it's any, let's say, more secure than Gmail, it just requires them to use different tools to get at that data.
So I don't think of any one of them as being safer than anything else.
You can send me a Gmail, I'll respond to you however you need.
Is it is it out of sync?
Is it out of sync out of sync YouTube on everything's out of sync out of sync out of sync?
Also on YouTube out of sync I can't tell Hmm.
Oh, I didn't change the I see what's going on.
Okay, that's that's what's happening.
Oh
Interesting.
And that's also scrapping out.
It looks like, um, Hmm.
It's out of sync where you are too.
Okay.
I'm gonna, I'm just going to start it over again, just because I'm only right here and I can do that very easy.
I'm just going to start it over.
Um, we'll see.
Thank you very much.
Uh, on every slide, uh, uh, the first slide I have quotes and I know that, you know, don't read them.
at all, because you don't need to read them to pass or get a good grade.
But this one is pretty cool.
The quote from Alice in Wonderland.
One can't believe impossible things, said Alice.
I dare say you haven't had much practice, said the queen.
Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
So that's totally suitable for this lecture.
A lot of impossible things are going to happen today.
Testing one, two, test.
How do we look here?
Test one, two, are we in sync?
It's possible that there's something going on with my computer.
Testing, test, test, testing.
I see some people saying in sync.
Ladies and gentlemen, the voice that you hear is that of Jonathan J. Cooey.
I'm chief biologist at GigaOM Biological, coming to you live out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
In the back of my garage, you can find the work from my academic career on
the National Library of Medicine's website PubMed.
You can also find some of my more recent ideas misrepresented on a substack called Woodhouse 76 that's written by a trader from Chicago named Jessica Hockett in cooperation with someone from the UK named Jonathan Engler, who's also associated with the group Panda and Heart.
They have fake arguments there with Claire Craig and Pierre Cory.
And both of them are, I would consider them, traitors to our grandchildren for sure.
Selling out to the same team, Robert Malone, that appears to be behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
At one point in time, I will freely admit that I was under his spell in the sense of thinking that he was a good guy trying to do good things.
And I worked as a scientific consultant on the book, The Wuhan Cover-Up.
And during the work on that book, I really formulated the ideas that now form the basis of GigaOM Biological's claims, that these people know that these pandemic myths are myths, and they put something like children's health defense in place to make sure that that myth would never usefully be questioned.
and that the vaccine schedule in America would never be usefully questioned.
I even worked for Children's Health Defense in 2023 as a staff scientist under Brian Hooker, who I also thought was a good guy and have now come to learn is part of this narrative control apparatus, just doing what he's paid to do.
Ladies and gentlemen, I know a lot of you have been demanding an explanation for this slide, and this slide is just simply an explanation of how many people will take pictures of you and consider themselves your friend, and only a few people in this picture remain
my friend and more importantly my best friend down here in the corner passed away from having taken the shot and I couldn't stop it because I was being bamboozled by a lot of the people on this screen just the same as you were
because anybody that was interested in finding the truth was herded like a bunch of cats onto specific social media platforms including that of Twitter, now called X. And I think without that particular platform,
The pandemic as it exists would not have been possible.
The Scooby-Doo mystery as it exists would not have been possible.
But I think we're actually winning.
And so I'm going to put these next few slides and a few quotes to the music.
of the theme from Hoosiers, which I think is a really happy movie about people winning a basketball championship.
And I come dressed every day to win a championship.
I hope you know that that's what I'm interested in.
I'm interested in winning.
And I think we are doing just that.
This stream is dedicated
to Brandy Vaughn today.
Brandy Vaughn is somebody who said it right when no one else around her would.
Please understand that these actors were put in place to curate a narrative not about a virus, but about a mystery that would hide an imperative, a national security priority to change from a FDA-regulated medicine environment to that where personalized medicine in the form of transfection and transformation would become the norm.
And that is for our grandchildren, and they have
made up an elaborate mythology about novel viruses that's going to allow them to do that if we are not awake to the biology.
That's why I'm here.
That's why I think I got a lot of work to do.
But you got to understand it from a different time horizon.
You need to understand that at this point in human history there's something biologically available that may never be available again and that is
genetic diversity and a lot and lots and lots of animals lots and lots of experiments to be done um and so if you want to avoid the trap the first thing you need to do is avoid them putting thoughts in your head that means getting off of social media and especially getting off of x um because a spectacular commitment to lies all that required and you cannot solve the mystery if you get to solve the mystery on their stage because you can't change their script
It's not possible to change their script.
These are just people that are doing the most dishonorable thing they know how to do, and that is mislead the young for money.
A lot of these people on the lower part of the ladder are just interested in climbing the ladder.
You don't think Marty McCarty is some kind of genius?
You don't think that Vinay Prasad is any more than an overachieving student, do you?
Because most of these people are.
but not brian hooker autism um he was vaccine damaged he was neurologically damaged
a condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
A condition that we will not call autism.
Now there's no way to explain Brian and Polly and all their work recently without realizing that we're pushing them there.
And if you keep pushing and we keep pushing this word out, those people will be brought to account.
and called out on their lack of action for two decades.
Two decades, ladies and gentlemen.
This was a co-opted and sabotaged movement that was sabotaged way before the pandemic.
This is in 2022.
Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us
Your latest video with Paul was amazing, JJ.
Wow, that's a very nice compliment.
Thank you very much.
Can you hear me better now or not?
Yes, much better.
It was really like, it nailed down two things for me.
But I finally really understand the infectious clone idea.
And I think it's very, very likely what happened.
JJ?
Sorry, yes, go ahead.
Are you going to do the CD and tape analogy because that really really hit home for me and I think people will would love to hear that analogy because
And so once you see the truth, right, it's just very hard to see it and not see it any other.
It's extraordinary because the way that it cracked now for everybody, and it should have cracked, is this slide right here.
This is the end.
This is really the end because...
At the beginning of 2020, we were told that there were a few problems, a few basic problems.
I'm going to let that play.
A few basic problems, and one of them was we had to make sure that this 5G was never blamed.
We had to make sure that there was no one who really took seriously the idea that it was a deployment of 5G in China that's triggering the disease in China.
And that deployment of 5G in New York, maybe that also explains it.
We definitely, definitely don't want to fall into the trap of there are no viruses at all.
And in fact, the person that told me about Tom Cowan and Andrew Kaufman and Mark Bailey, and many of us trying to solve this puzzle with Drastic on Twitter and on the internet, found ourselves confronted with this group of people
who said that there was no virus, and a bunch of people who agreed that those people weren't worth talking to.
While they tried their best to be, I don't like to be mean to anybody, I just know that these people haven't really thought about some of these questions.
And the guy who said worst case scenario over the course of the last five years the most, the guy who streamed the absolute most about me, more than anything else besides Jews and sometimes Ukraine and sometimes... The only thing he promoted more than me was India.
And so that never really fully sank in until very recently thanks to the work of Mark Housatonic and myself and other people who have been thinking about this stuff.
But patterns are hard to recognize sometimes and coming back to the history and the timeline over and over again has brought more and more patterns to the fore.
And one of the patterns that
I never saw, and I don't think Mark really saw until very recently, but once he mentioned it or said it, it became very clear that this is likely the case.
A lot of these interesting mythologies and interesting leaks, they're all from India.
The HIV papers, the master's thesis, and the PhD thesis that Drastic found.
Heck, half of the members of Drastic are all from India or Pakistan.
It's very strange when you think about it, how many Indians are now in the government, thanks to the recent change.
It's very, very strange that this guy, Mr. Worst-Case Scenario... It's literally turning into Worst-Case Scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario.
...has been only really plugging India.
It's strange, the script that they're all on.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
We have Jicky Leaks, who in 2022 was fine to reply to Nick Hudson, that clones and a little bit of media cover and taking out antibiotics, that's fine then.
But now, it's like I don't exist the same as Nick.
Now, these guys don't know who I am.
It's hard to figure out if you use PubMed to figure out what they do.
It's not hard to figure out what I do.
Now interestingly, in 2021 I was already teaching all of this biology to Brett Weinstein, Heather Haying, Chris Martinson, Alexandros Marinos.
Matthew Crawford, later on, Jumi Kim.
I mean, it is an extraordinary level of obfuscation that's gone on over the last five years to keep someone like me feeling like people were hearing me, feeling like my message was about to get out.
I was almost invited on Brett's stream, like, okay, next month we're gonna do it.
Okay, next month we'll do it.
I wanna have you on soon, but I don't know if it's the right time yet.
That's how they play everybody.
Brian, I think we should write this Vax Novax book, but I don't know if it's the right time yet.
I think we should time it closer to when I'm going to run for president.
And so they're all on the same script and you're not going to be able to change it.
And it doesn't matter what you do.
You have inspired a lot of thought for me, people like J.J.
Cooey, you know, who's regarded by a few people as, by some people as sort of this kind of savant or idiot or something that his ideas are just too terrible and too incompatible with the biology that they learned.
And in many ways, you know, they are.
What a strange, strange time we're in.
In 2024.
This is actually more than a half a year ago.
And that quote from Nick is almost a year ago.
And that interview with Bobby Kennedy and Robert Malone and Meryl Ness and Tess Laurie and Jessica Rose is almost four years ago.
The
the zoom call with kevin mckernan and jonathan or john bodwin and jessica rose and and stephanie seneff is from march of 2023 we're now past march of 2025 i mean so you know it's two and some change later these people are still touring the world jessica rose is still pushing theirs and
The guy who came on my podcast in 2021 and told me about frameshift and misfolded proteins and impure RNA started last year with DNA contamination, but very recently is now with Pierre Cory talking about frameshift and talking about
impure RNA and misfolded proteins.
It's almost like we're on a hamster wheel on a, a recurring semi recurrent narrative that is being curated by a bunch of lying assholes on social media.
Now think of the absurdity.
If RNA cannot pandemic, if there was no pandemic, if a pandemic is biologically impossible, why in the world should we stop talking about it?
And Stephen, your immunology professor said, very good, because the question was very good.
And of course, as I've been trying to say for four years now, there is no pandemic, there was no pandemic, and there will be no pandemic.
And
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore, because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
The specializations should make you suspicious because if it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on, then it's presumably gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate.
And then one should be a little bit suspicious.
And that's, that's a, that's sort of my starting, my starting bias.
Think, but you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
Think, but you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
They are all on the same script and you can't change it.
None of them mentioned that supplemental oxygen induces acute respiratory distress syndrome.
nor do they mention that ventilators were used to stop spread, nor do they mention the lack of antibiotic use being murder, or the multi-year opioid crisis being responsible for a drastic reduction in life expectancy in America.
And of course, none of them mention Brandy Vaughn.
None of them explain PCR as an ongoing system-wide fraud in America and around the world, which provides an endless remnant stream useful for genetic and medical research.
None of them explain injection versus ingestion from a biological standpoint and the absurdity of one versus the other as medicine.
None of them mentioned the population pyramids as a problem in need of management, nor as a source of a potential biological signal that could be the source of this myth.
And none of them mentioned Brandy Vaughn.
Again, the way to not say murder is to not mention supplemental oxygen, or the lack of antibiotic use, or the multi-year opioid crisis.
Definitely don't explain PCR as a fraud.
Don't mention injection versus ingestion, or then injection might be dumb.
And definitely don't mention population pyramids at all.
And if you can avoid mentioning Brandy Vaughn, that would also be great.
There are a lot of giant airplanes flying over my house recently.
I presume that they're not...
I presume that they're not dropping anything.
They're not spraying anything.
They're gigantic, like they could carry many buses.
Some of the largest airplanes I've ever seen.
If I thought that was going to happen today... You can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
If I thought I could have filmed that, I would have had a camera outside.
I just never know when they're going to come over.
But yesterday there was also one around this time.
So again, these actors were put in place.
And make sure you try to expand the way you think about this.
Because if they anticipated
that an anti-vaccine movement, maybe led by Brandy Vaughn or led by Tony Bark, could be a useful resistance to our children learning the mythology of pandemics, then the national security state would have definitely put people in place on social media to curate a narrative.
to make sure that no useful anti-vax movement would be present at the start of the pandemic and instead a controlled, narrative controlled, a narrative safe movement
led by somebody like Brian Hooker, who's willing to say that vaccines cause a thing called autism, and is willing to say that this novel virus can be detected by PCR and can spread asymptomatically.
They're just not testing the vaccines enough.
That's the trick.
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
isolation, what was it?
Of the virus?
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue is.
Well, they interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different... No, it depends on how they used it.
Okay.
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it, so.
I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
Yes, that's all textbook stuff you're asking me here.
This is take two.
How is the sync?
Are we still okay?
At least kind of okay.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Welcome to the show.
If you're interested in supporting this work, please go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to do so.
If you need to be notified, please send an email there.
to Gigaohm HQ and if you're interested in watching later and downloading later and in any number of formats, please try it and see if it works and report back to me at stream.gigaohm.bio and then send me an email and let me know it worked.
You can download, watch it offline, delete it.
You could download it and open your own YouTube channel and start posting these videos as well.
You could just post the shorts that Jeff from Earth makes.
There's lots of things that you could do to help this move along.
And if you were to do that on YouTube, for example, not only could you put your own buy me a coffee link if you want to, as long as you put a link for me too, I think that would be better than what a lot of these people are doing for me right now.
And if you want to send anything, there's a little thing there.
is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
And so they're going to stick to this narrative.
Still good sync, slightly off for me.
My sync is good.
It's close enough for right now.
I apologize again.
These things are tricky.
I'm now streaming to PeerTube, YouTube, Rumble and Twitch.
And I probably should only be doing PeerTube at this point because we shouldn't be making
any content for those people because what ends up happening is they go to Rumble and they inevitably get an ad and they inevitably get an ad and they inevitably get an ad and then they accidentally click or they click on the sidebar because they're distracted by one pause or one moment or one thing in the room.
They come back and they see a thumbnail that they click on and we're lost again and they're on Rumble.
They're lost again and on BitChute.
And so if they come to PeerTube, that's not going to happen.
There's not going to be any ads.
There's not going to, you know, it might be interrupted.
That's why I keep saying, I think downloading is a great idea.
I'm not looking for views there.
I'm looking for spread.
So I don't count the numbers there.
They're not even rising.
So I, you know,
It's my own website and they're still not rising.
I don't know why that is.
Maybe they can flip those numbers too.
But this spectacular commitment to this lie about a novel virus that killed millions of people that millions more were saved from and that could come again or some worse form of it because we're playing with viruses all the time.
This spectacular commitment to that lie is going to go on until our children understand the biology
which undermines it as a lie, right?
And undermines it as a truth.
I guess I would like to say undermines these lies, something like that.
Maybe that's the best way to say it.
Anyway, that means we have a lot of work to do because we have to teach our children what really happened.
And right now,
One of the ways to get people who haven't seen the stream before, don't know who I am before, other than what I've just said in the beginning, is to realize that right now we are in a crucial state in America.
If you're from the Netherlands, for example, my brother-in-law, my mother-in-law, or you're their neighbors, I would suggest that what you're seeing on Dutch TV right now is a grossly distorted version of reality in America.
It is probably a very similar image to what a person who considers themselves a Democrat and watches a lot of mainstream news and uses a lot of mainstream social media would think.
And in fact, you know, if you think that our democracy is being undermined and attacked internally because Donald Trump and his administration are traitorous, then you're kind of, you know, in the same ballpark that a lot of people who would have voted for Kamala Harris or in fact, anyone but Trump are in.
And I think that's a it's not a good place.
It's not a wrong place.
It's it's the trap.
And although it feels like you're in a very different place than the people who followed, for example, all of these people, you're actually not.
You might think that, oh, I know Brett Weinstein's an idiot.
I would have never listened to Steve Bannon.
He works for Goldman Sachs, you know.
Who's Robert Malone?
I don't even use X. So who the hell is that?
He has a sub stack.
Who gives a darn?
You know, same with Kevin McKernan.
Who's that guy?
I don't know who he is.
And so your family and friends who weren't actively engaged in the mystery solving exercise in 2020, 2021 and 2022 with a group of people on Twitter or a group of people on Telegram or a couple of different groups of people on Telegram, then chances are they don't know who Robert Malone is.
They don't know who Kevin McKernan is.
They've never heard of Brett Weinstein except for in some kind of
you know, joke video about him, and they certainly don't take Steve Bannon seriously.
And so this is a remarkable place, because we think that by arguing with these people, supporting these people, retweeting these people, putting comments on their substack, we're somehow engaging in democracy.
We're somehow active citizens, and that's really an abject failure.
That's the trap, that's the exact trap that we're in right now, that I was in, that most people on the right in America are in, that they think some or all of these people on this screen are heroes.
But the history of even Robert F. Kennedy Jr., if you do your homework, it just doesn't really make any sense.
that that guy is Health and Human Services Secretary right now.
It does make sense that he's doing a lot of things that certain people aren't happy with, but all the people that you see on the internet, you know, showing that they're unhappy, saying that they're unhappy, chances are pretty good that they are there as a kind of controlled opposition, steering you exactly where you're supposed to go.
You're just bouncing off the walls of the trap.
You gotta let all those people go.
All of them go.
I have less than 4,000 followers after five years of at least weekly, sometimes daily production of content and good, thoughtful content.
And it doesn't go anywhere because the internet is completely rigged.
I'm going to escape out of this one and open up a different one and show you
youtube stats um these are let me switch over here uh to the desk huh
This is JC on a Bike, my channel, and this is over its entire lifetime.
And so you can see that I've had my channel since 2019 over here.
I hope you can see that.
Maybe I have to blank that out for a second.
Here's my mouse.
Yes, you can see that and so here is the subscribers by content And I'm just gonna point it out so you can see it the the axis here is 0 to 200
And so, you know, if you see a bump like this, then I guess I got 200 subscribers that day.
And then by content.
And so this is number of videos, I believe, right?
Oh, no.
This is views by content.
And this is all content.
um and so you can see for example here over my shoulder i'm just going to keep looking oh man that sucks now i got too close to the screen my apologies um so if you look here there's a pretty good correlation between the peaks in the number of views and the peaks and the number of subscribers i'm getting you see these big
Green peaks are also associated with rather large subscriber peaks, and there's some correlation here.
And it's really weird for me to be looking at this stuff because it's kind of vaguely looks like inhibitory or excitatory postsynaptic potentials in time series, so it's pretty funny.
But even here, you can see that the signal has some reciprocity in the other one, in the sense of they look like they're the same phenomenon, right?
Can you see that?
Even here, you can see there's a little spike there, there's a little spike there, a little spike there, a little, oh, there's, oh, the correlation, oh, wow, the correlation really went away in May in 2025.
So here we go, all the way from 2020
When I was getting on Zero Hedge and I was riding my bike and I was producing videos on my bike about, and you could say, oh, maybe it's just that those bike videos were so much better.
It's possible.
But this correlation is very, very high.
And the variation in the number of views I get is actually also pretty good.
And then it just falls off.
quite extraordinarily at some point.
Anytime I produce a video, nobody really shows up anymore.
And now, when I'm producing weekly or daily, can you still see that arrow?
Weekly or daily videos over there, there is no correlation at all in the number of subscribers.
In fact, I've got dropping numbers there, dropping subscribers now that I'm going.
So if we go to another metric, this is, let's see, this is subscribers by content again, and that's the purple graph.
And then this is watch time in hours.
So now you can see also that the watch time that I'm now getting is actually pretty respectable in the grand scheme of my previous work.
My previous work was getting around
you know, this much, I don't know what that is, hundreds of hours, 300 hours, let me see, 300, this top line is 500.
So, you know, I, and those subscribers, again, it's kind of correlated with,
The peaks in watch time also give me, look at that, some nice peaks are very correlated.
The number of watch time in hours with the number of subscribers I get.
There's another correlation between the green peaks and the purple ones, but then this correlation just kind of falls apart.
And now there's again, no correlation at all.
It's like at some moment, it's almost really like at some point in time there is, and then at some point in time there isn't any correlation.
It's remarkable.
Can you not see it?
And so it's the same thing if we do impressions, the same thing you can see that the peaks correlate pretty well.
And at some point in time, the peaks don't correlate at all.
And that's because Gigaohm Biological is actually censored.
And I'm not gonna get invited on Tucker Carlson to show this.
Here's probably one of the best one.
This is videos published.
Number of videos published.
So this is the Y-axis here is 0, 1, 2, 3.
You see that?
0, 1, 2, 3.
So the green line really jumps around in units of one or two or three videos, right?
And so you can see my output has never been higher than three videos a week.
See that?
And so there's no real correlation with this.
It appears that a daily video is better than a few in a week or something.
I can't really tell there for sure.
But you can see that at some point in time there was correlation and now there is none.
Even if I do, you know, lots, it's pretty impressive.
That's daily, I guess.
So sometimes I'm doing two a day.
I don't know how that happens.
That must be accidental streaming.
And then this one I think is just nice.
Clear analytics for the last 365 days.
And just look at the subscribers and how those work.
Before I started producing videos, it was pretty much up and down, I guess you could say it was up and down.
But here, this is just remarkable.
There's no way in hell.
Who unsubscribes?
I mean, really, I lose six subscribers a day sometimes.
It's pretty impressive.
That's how this works.
That's exactly how this works.
Today, what I wanted to do was watch a video, at least part of it, with you and try to help train your muscles with regard to thinking about the bad biology and how it distorts everything that everybody thinks about when they're trapped in it.
And everyone is essentially trapped in it, whether they are a gas station attendant, a deli worker, a barista.
These are all, it doesn't matter what you do for a living, if you take for granted that you are the product of your genes,
and that genes are important and that genes equals evolution, that you are a product of evolution as defined by these people with a molecular phylogeny that extends all the way back to bacteria in the sense of you have evolved from bacteria.
There is a fundamental disconnect between reality and what you believe.
And that fundamental disconnect allows the mythology of pandemics to exist.
It allows the mythology of vaccines to exist.
It allows the mythology of autism to exist.
It allows the mythology of gain of function to exist.
It allows the mythology of curing genetic diseases to exist.
And so this is an extraordinary time because I think we can free our kids from this.
And I think it's really simple.
All we got to do is push the boulder down the hill in the right direction.
They had to bring
our society and our collective Western culture to this point of chaos and disorganization and fear and uncertainty in order to get where they needed to go, which is reorganizing our societies instead of around a nation state around something else.
And that reorganization is already happening.
That reorganization has been in the works for a long time.
I wouldn't be surprised, for example, if Donald Trump proposes an Amaro pretty soon, out of nowhere.
North American currency will be the way to go.
And it will all be because this was already scripted.
And it's not a conspiracy theory.
to think that we are being governed by a script.
In fact, it makes a lot of national security sense that we would be governed by a biological script because that would be a very, very fruitful way to disguise initiatives in and around the Human Genome Project as something as necessary as public health.
And so that's why, if you can, try to see how this malevolent harmony of these two ideas of public health as a reason and an answer and genes
equals DNA or evolution because DNA has been a really malevolent harmony that keeps your brain trapped and essentially helpless because you think the vast majority of the variables in your life are way out of your control.
and you're stuck running in a wheel that has no consequences anyway and that's why life is so depressing.
They don't want you to think that you can plant trees under whose shade you will not shelter and it will matter at all.
They don't want you to think about what can you create, what can you pass down to your children.
They don't want you thinking about that stuff.
They want you worried about the all-powerful elites and what the all-powerful elites are doing on their islands or on their big airplanes.
Why do you think they show you this big airplane that they gave to Donald Trump for a week?
To let your imagination run wild.
It's the same thing that you see on Twitch or anywhere else.
It's to let your imagination run wild and fill it with thoughts that disarm you, make you feel helpless.
instead of constructive or point you in the right direction, which is what I think a new Biology 101 could do for all of us, and it's most importantly, our children.
And so that's why I want to watch this video, which I found courtesy of the interwebs.
And the video is, I think, mistitled in my stream as slavery in the name of progress.
However,
if you search on YouTube for slavery in the name of progress you will find exactly this video and then maybe somebody in the chat can figure out what the real name of the video is and again this exercise for me
is going to be to take notes and maybe pause occasionally at points in the video where I'm incredibly impressed with the overwhelming amount of assumption occurring at that moment, and how many of those assumptions impinging on the narrator are actually the Bad Biology 101 that I think we need a new high school curriculum to dispel.
I hope this is fun.
No, over here.
Whoa, it's gigantic.
I might speed it up just a little bit if you don't mind, if that's okay with everybody.
I think we're gonna need that if we're gonna make any useful progress here.
I think that'll be okay.
Canada!
Great!
Awesome!
That's awesome.
Big picture media.
National Film Board of Canada.
See, there you go.
It's already, you already know.
Martin Scorsese, that's why I watched it, I remembered.
Now, first of all, I think I want to, I want to already preface this as it's coming in that I think this is a generalization.
This guy is going to be allowed to generalize over chimps versus, uh, versus humans.
And my guess is, is that, um, it's, it's a generalization that I'm not sure can be made, but let's just, we'll talk about it maybe in a minute.
This generalization would be that a kid would not have this problem.
And you might not even know what the problem is right now.
But one of these blocks is arranged slightly differently so that it can't stand up like the other one.
But the chimp has been trained that both of them will stand up.
And so he doesn't understand that there might be a weight in it that would make it slightly off and not stand on its end.
And that baby chimp is in there just to make it even more dramatic, which is unfortunate.
In defining progress, I think it's very important to make a distinction between good progress and bad progress.
I mean, things progress in the sense that they change.
Both in nature and in human society, there appears to be a clear trend towards increasing complexity as change proceeds.
We tend to delude ourselves that these changes always result in improvements from the human point of view.
We're now reaching a point at which technological progress and the increase in our economies and our numbers threaten the very existence of humanity.
What is progress?
I think... That's too hard a question.
Um... When I think of the word progress,
But isn't that so strange?
Isn't it so annoying that they portray as though we can't come up with an answer for that?
Can we already come up with an answer for that?
I think so.
What is progress?
I think if you thought about it like Joshua Lederberg would think about it, if you think about it like any real biologist would think about it, if you think about it like any humble Christian would think about it, he would think about raising the most responsible free-thinking adults that you could.
And wherever these generations of responsible, free-thinking, healthy adults take us is where they take us.
And I don't think a bunch of free-thinking
healthy adults would ever have brought us where we are now.
I think that where we are now is a result of a lot of very selfish, manipulative, malevolent adults.
And so it's very easy for me to answer, what is progress?
I think what is progress is, is progress in raising better people.
Progresses should be measured on a generational basis or over a lifetime.
And those people who have a track record of integrity and having principles when it counts and higher ideals, people that worked three jobs to get where they are.
People that decided to, you know, humbly accept that dancers never make money and wait tables their whole life so that they could have a shot at being a principal dancer have a lot more respect, in my humble opinion, than somebody like Vinay Prasad, who has done actually anything and everything his mentors have told him to do with reckless abandon, with the idea of getting where he is now, not even really having known where he was going, just knowing that the ladder went up.
And it still goes up from where he is now.
He hasn't scored a goal yet.
This is just the start.
And so this malevolent game of, you know, people with their own motives.
Yes.
Sometimes the motives are money, but at the top, the people who actually have enough money to control where we're going.
control what we see and have enough money that they could spit and pay for tens or hundreds of people to be on the internet full time to help control what we think, I assure you they're doing it.
And this is just a wonderfully, highly produced example of them trying to control what we think.
This is going to be remarkable.
I assure you it's going to be remarkable.
It seems like we're stuck in this trap for the last 200 years since the Industrial Revolution, where we think progress is more of the same.
Like, we should make our machines better and get more machines.
But we've been doing that for 200 years, so doing more of that is not progress.
We're, like, stuck in this, like, a record.
And so remember, of course, there has to be a lot of truth in this documentary or it won't hit home with most people.
And so this is definitely true.
I can give you lots of examples from my collection of binoculars, which accentuate this idea.
This is a pair of binoculars from a company in Germany called Lights.
Later they are called Leica because Lights camera became Leica.
But these binoculars are made to last as long as the metal parts.
They might not last as long as the stuff that they're wrapped in, but they're meant essentially to last indefinitely.
And and they're engineered to do that.
They're engineered to last indefinitely with the idea of lasting indefinitely.
Something that could be found buried a thousand years later is gonna have a German name on it.
Because there are a lot of products from the 50s and 60s or a Japanese name on it.
Because they made things and often still do make things to last indefinitely.
But there is a whole
malevolent part of our global economy that makes things that are designed exactly the opposite.
And there are even varieties of binoculars on the market right now designed exactly the opposite, where we are using a lot of resources to produce things that are not designed to last for more than a couple camping trips.
And that produce enough waste in the production line alone
to justify shutting them down.
And we've spent five years arguing about viruses instead of arguing about opening schools and getting our kids off of screens and starting to read more books and teach more cursive handwriting.
Nobody's fighting about restoring the rules to the NBA because we're too worried about what's happening in the Middle East, or somewhere off the coast of Turkey, or wherever the next laser pointer is going to put Cat's eyes.
We've got to change our perspective, ladies and gentlemen.
The other thing that really is nice about binoculars is they're not a camera.
You're never gonna be tempted to check what you captured.
You're never gonna be tempted to revisit or there's no target.
The target is, wow, that's a sharp image of that rabbit.
I can count the hairs on its head.
This is pretty cool.
Or, oh, wow, I can see the feathers of that bird.
I can see the details of that hummingbird's head.
And there's no photograph.
It's just time zero right now in the moment.
And I'm not saying that you shouldn't plan.
I'm saying you should plan.
But the way that your mind should be working is, in the moment, planning.
In the moment, planning.
And when you engage with social media many, many times, you are in neither of those places.
In the moment, nor are you planning.
You could be evaluating whether or not a claim is true or not.
You could be evaluating whether or not this person is trustworthy or not.
But then that means you're not in the moment.
Nor are you planning.
And I think that's now starting to become more and more a key thing in my own life.
Is that I'm either going to be working.
I'm working.
or I'm in the moment with my family, with my friends, with my children, with my dog, in the backyard, with somebody on the phone.
This is a really interesting video.
I don't know how the hell I'm gonna get through it without more than one stream, but hey-o.
Things that start out to seem like improvements or progress, these things are very seductive.
It seems like there's no downside to these.
But when they reach a certain scale, they turn out to be dead ends or traps.
I came up with the term progress trap to define human behaviors that sort of seem to be good things, seem to be to provide benefits in the short term, but which ultimately lead to disaster because they're unsustainable.
And one example would be going right back into the old stone age, the time of when our ancestors were hunting mammoths.
They reached a point where their weaponry and their hunting techniques got so good that they destroyed hunting as a way of life throughout most of the world.
The people who discovered how to kill two mammoths instead of one had made real progress.
But the people who discovered that they could eat really well by driving a whole herd over a cliff and kill 200 at once had fallen into a progress trap.
They'd made too much progress.
I like that analogy a lot.
Our physical bodies and our physical brains, as far as we can tell, have changed very little in the past 50,000 years.
But we've only been living in civilization for the last 5,000 years.
I think it's really important to understand that in the last 50 or 60 years, calculations have been made and arguments have been made at the tables of the weaponized piles of money that run the show.
And they have come to realize that the population pyramids
of the Western countries actually were the way to
to shepherd human civilization through time, to think about it from a multi-generational perspective and understand that, okay, we've lost control after World War II for a while, and the consequences of that might be pretty dire for our economies and for our consumer economy in particular, because for about 20 or 30 years,
there's gonna be these, the kids of these big families are gonna grow up to have kids.
And so if we don't very carefully manage the number of kids that those people have, we would have a population pyramid that would even be bigger on the bottom of it, underneath that generation after World War II, of which you and many of us are, including me, are a part of.
And so instead of having a population pyramid that just kept getting bigger at the base as a result of this generation having more kids as they got older, what happened was the population pyramid started to straighten out a little bit.
And instead that bump where my father's families were having kids and stuff like that went away.
after my generation because a lot of my family, or sorry, a lot of my friends from my age group had like less than replacement number of kids.
Certainly very few families that I know have more than three.
I know a couple of families in Pittsburgh that have four.
And right now on social media, it's becoming a real cool thing to brag if you have like seven or eight kids.
But the point would be,
that the population pyramid told them that their strategies for governing the overpopulation threat were successful.
And those people in the Club of Rome and all those other fancy groups, they all knew that they had successfully navigated that problem, that China had also kind of successfully navigated the problem that they might have had, had they let it keep going with the one-child policy.
But now
20 or 30 years later, they have the opposite problem, of course, because the older retirement age in these countries does not have the necessary tax base to support their full, long-lived, highly medicated, highly subsidized retirement.
And that problem was anticipated for decades.
And so public health has been inserted in our mythology and in our understanding of the world as both a reason and an answer to this problem.
And a very, very wonderfully sort of applied
military exercise has gotten us to believe that we experienced a pandemic.
And now this documentary comes along out of Canada with Martin Scorsese to tell us where we are.
It's awesome.
Which is less than 0.2% of our evolutionary history.
So the other 99.8, we were hunters and gatherers.
And that is the kind of way of life that made us.
Oh, there she is.
We are essentially the same people as those Stone Age hunters.
What makes our way of life different from theirs is culture has taken off at an exponential rate and has really become completely detached from the pace of natural evolution.
So we are running 21st century software, our knowledge, on hardware that hasn't been upgraded for 50,000 years.
And this lies at the core of many of our problems.
So we're running software.
Whoa, who's that guy?
We're running software on hardware that hasn't been updated in 50,000 years.
And the software we're running is culture.
Um, hmm.
So my question would be who installs that software?
Was it my parents?
Or was it the school system and television?
Now who's installing the software in our children?
Because again, we want to know about progress.
Well, there's where the trick of the movie is already, right?
What's progress?
Nobody knows what progress is.
Progress is in what software are we successfully installing in our children?
And their progress will be to install different software in all of us at once.
So that we're all thinking kind of the same thing about where we came from, and more importantly, thinking the same thing about where we're potentially going.
And the people
who believe that they have the right to lie to those people who maybe couldn't understand it or maybe wouldn't go along with it are people like Jonas Salk who wrote the book The Survival of the Wisest.
There's also people like this guy who are very, very interested in exactly
what Mark and I have called taking control of the evolution of the species.
They're definitely interested in that.
This is because our human nature is back in the hunt and gathering era of the old stone age, whereas our knowledge and our technology, in other words, our ability to do both good and harm to ourselves and to the world in general, has grown out of all proportion.
One thing to remember, of course, about the human mind is that it's not that fundamentally different from, say, the brain of a chimpanzee.
Most of the human brain, the basic structure of the brain, is much older than human species.
Some of it goes back to bacteria, some of it goes back to worms, some of it originated in the first mammals, some of it in the first primates, some of it in the first human beings.
Very little has changed in the last 50,000 years.
So there it is.
That's the first part of this.
I'm going to replay that part.
The idea that some of our brain comes from bacteria.
Some of it comes from, and then he lists all these imaginary steps in the phylogenetic evolution of our species.
And this is the illusion that gets created when somebody says, there's DNA in all this stuff.
And so that means we all must have come from the same molecular mud puddle.
And this molecule started replicating and it spread itself all around the world.
And it got more and more complex over billions of years until now.
When, you know, 40 years ago, I made a mixtape with Brian Adams and gave it to a girl.
And that's all the end of, you know, billions of years of evolution.
And that, that is a remarkable summary of evolution because DNA of, you know, DNA, therefore evolution, which is what I'm saying is the foundation of this nonsense.
Most of originate in mind to the world in general has grown out of all proportion.
One thing to remember, of course, about the human mind is that it's not that fundamentally different from, say, the brain of a chimpanzee.
Most of the human brain, the basic structure of the brain, is much older than the human species.
Some of it goes back to bacteria, some of it goes back to worms, some of it originated in the first mammals, some of it in the first primates, some of it in the first human beings.
Very little of it, however, changed in the last 50,000 years.
And so most of what we do, we do with hardware components that are much older than any of the problems that we face.
When I first began to study chimps, I thought that the task was to just map out more and more similarities, to find areas of cognition that hadn't been studied yet and simply show that chimps were just like us.
You can imagine teaching a small child to stand up a block upright.
And you can teach a chimp to do the same thing.
Oh, I'll set up a block here, set up a block here.
I can see everything.
It's very, very clear.
And I get a piece of fruit for doing it.
But what happens when you introduce a small subtlety into the situation where you trick them and just make the block off-center just enough that it keeps falling over?
Well, the chimp will come in, set up the good block, set up the block that we've tricked them with, but then it falls over.
So, unfortunately, the first deception here is that he has sped up the video of the chimp when it's frustrated and desperate to get it right.
And that makes it feel even worse.
But if you pay attention, you can see it, and it's frickin' annoying.
The chimp is off-centered.
But what happens when you introduce a small subtlety into the situation where you trick them and just make the block off-centered just enough that it keeps falling over?
Well, the chimp will come in, set up the good block,
set up the block that we've tricked them with.
Unfortunately, you can't really probably, you can't really.
You can't probably see that because it's sped up already, but I noticed it before.
You don't have to take my word for that.
You can watch it later, but it's very subtle, but they do do it and it's annoying.
Oh, now you're not there.
And they keep trying to get it to stand up, because they know what is supposed to happen, but they have no understanding or no inclination to ask why.
What unobservable part of the situation is causing that block to keep falling over?
The young child will enter, set up the good block, try to set up the block that we've tricked them with.
But when it falls over, well, first they'll try again, and maybe try again.
But very quickly, they'll turn it.
How old do you think that kid is?
Is he 10?
He's not four.
So the question now becomes like, okay, so I kind of sort of appreciate what this guy's doing as a neuroscientist or former neuroscientist, former academic.
I like the idea that he's trying to probe what higher faculties the monkey has and doesn't have relative to the human.
What strategies are used
by the human and not the human, but I don't think this one is a very fair comparison.
And certainly not in anecdotal presentation like this.
I find this, well, anyway, let's just watch it.
I'll shut up.
Get over, feel the bottom of it, shake it.
Try to discern what unobservable property of that block is causing it to fall over.
That's the fundamental core difference, I believe, between humans and chimps, that humans ask why.
We're constantly probing for unobservable.
So do we know, for example, in that experiment that that kid already got lots of marshmallows for standing them up?
Because you see, that's the difference.
This monkey thinks
that it's in a situation where it's gonna get rewarded if it does it right from the only, this is the heartbreaking part, from the only humans that interact with it in a totally positive way.
They're not even allowed to go, yay, you know, good job and clap their hands or get excited.
They're actually not supposed to make any eye contact with the ape at all.
And they're supposed to try and show no emotion at all when they reward them.
And so if you also realize that their caretakers are not allowed to be nice to them or talk to them or make friends with them, but actually distance themselves on purpose, because they know at any point in time they could come back and the cage will be empty.
then that's not just an animal chilling with its baby.
That is an animal under a lot of stress, trying to figure out under pressure, why it is that something that she has learned very well how to do, why it's not working anymore.
And she's panicking because she doesn't know if this once in a week social interaction that could result in tasty food and otherwise will not, why it's going wrong.
That kid sitting with his mom, who's being told by his mom, yeah, just see if you can stand up the block, honey.
See, they're both the same, honey.
It's not the same as if you drilled that kid for a couple, three weeks where you didn't interact with him at all.
And when you did interact with him, he had to stand those blocks up and he would get marshmallows.
And otherwise, it's back to the cage for you.
And so don't get me wrong, I'm not saying if we treated monkeys right, they would be like people and learn to talk and we'd be on the planet of the apes.
But what I am saying is that what always inevitably happens with these neuroscientists is they don't understand their own experiments enough to realize that holy shit, we better reconsider everything we do with these animals because the control situation is a mental and physical prisoner.
A mental and physical prisoner that would otherwise have 10 conspecifics around him or her.
Conspecifics meaning other monkeys.
So this is a remarkable lack of connection with the biology that he's purporting to study.
Because if he was really studying what he purported to study, which is the differences between humans and apes, then the assumption list is that
they could have all of these things that we have.
And now I'm going to cross some of those things off of the list that monkeys don't have.
Why?
Because supposedly some of the stuff in our brain comes from bacteria.
Some of it comes from worms.
Some of it came from the lower mammals and now some of it is our own.
And so he appears to be engaged in a proper investigation as to what the difference between monkeys and apes is.
But his assumptions are that they have virtually nothing we have, instead of assuming that they have everything we have but these things.
And it ain't the question why.
I assure you it's not the question why, or if it is, this guy has not demonstrated it with his experiment.
phenomenon to explain the observable.
It's what's driven us to discover gravity.
It's what's driven us to probe into the mysteries of quasars.
And it's the same thing that drives us to probe into the mysteries of each other in our everyday lives.
Why does she keep doing that?
Why does he keep behaving like that?
He must think this.
He must believe this.
I don't understand why, why, why, why, why.
oh wow and so um interesting like he thinks that he knows that about humans but he doesn't assume that about another social animal and about how maybe that's how social hierarchies in in apes would also be organized i mean isn't that what evolution would tell you?
But remarkably, he's got this, you know, no problem juggling these very contradictory thoughts, you know, in all the same juggling act.
That's what academic biology has become because of the gross assumption, evolution because DNA.
So he's just talking because that's how they talk.
So the upside of the human capacity to ask why, to continually probe behind appearances, and to try to find out how the world really works, is we develop fabulous new medicines.
We develop fabulous new therapeutic techniques to take care of people.
We invent a whole cascade of modern technology.
Wow, don't forget about nuclear bombs.
What was that?
Did it just hit the firmament there?
That was weird.
I never saw that before.
The downside is that we invent the whole cascade of modern technology.
Arguably, we are the most intellectual creature that ever walked on planet Earth.
So how come, then, that this so intellectual being is destroying its only home?
Because we only have the one home.
Maybe one day people will be on Mars, but for the moment we've got planet Earth.
And we are destroying, we are polluting, we are damaging the future of our own species, which is very counterproductive from an evolutionary perspective.
Now, I would argue counterproductive from an evolutionary perspective.
That's her telling you the same narrative.
Remember that Jane Goodall made her money over the last 10 or 15 years touring around, not doing TED Talks at high schools.
But doing TED Talks at big bank meetings and conferences for the WEF and for other global NGOs, making thousands of dollars traveling first class, ladies and gentlemen.
She's not a, you know, the master grifter or anything like that, but she is a very, very useful pawn.
And ever since she said this stuff out loud the first time, she has become much more successful, not in selling books, but in private lecturing.
Amazing success.
Here we go.
You knew it was coming.
this capacity that seems so wonderful to us, the ability to ask why, the very ability that undergirds modern science as a double-edged sword.
See, our ability to ask why has led to nukes and also, I guess, gain-of-function viruses.
Man, oh man.
If humans go extinct on this planet, I think what's gonna be our epitaph on our gravestone is why.
We have the ability to think into the future, but most of our mechanisms, most of our brain mechanisms, evolved before we had any ability to think forward to the future, and when it made some sense for decisions to be short-term.
And so a lot of our brain mechanisms, what I call our ancestral mechanisms, or our reflexive mechanisms, are tuned to making snap decisions right away, like fight or flight.
You see the lion, either you're going to fight or you're going to run.
No time to think about long-term consequences.
And that's good when we're stressed about something immediate that we can deal with, for example.
But those very systems that work by reflex are not so good at cooperating with these more modern systems, the deliberative systems that allow us to make long-term decisions and say, well, is this good for me?
Is it good for my society, for my planet?
Is this good for my society, for my planet?
Ladies and gentlemen, they said the...
The truth kind of in the beginning from a neurobiological perspective, I think one of the advances of humans, you know, that really makes us, from a biological perspective, different from a lot of the other animals on Earth, is that we are hardware that can accept software.
That a lot of what is built into us can be altered.
over a adolescence, a childhood and adolescence that's longer than any other animal on earth.
And so that allows the, sort of requires the development over time of a set of cognitive behavioral rules that can be necessarily much more complex
a set of language that can be much more complex simply because of that extended developmental time frame.
And so this argument that the chimp and the man are 99% the same, and definitely if you look at their brain, they're close to the same, this finds itself fundamentally disconnected from the idea that we are contemporaries.
And by comparing these in the way that they compare it, the idea is that somewhere along the line is humans are the pinnacle of evolution instead of one of many contemporaries.
And so maybe that's a good place for me to spin over here.
If we just think about evolution as time,
going in this axis and, you know, the number of animals we started with, according to these people, we start with bacteria.
And then over time, there's this thing that branches and it's something like this, let's say, okay.
And there's life form A, life form B, life form C, and life form D that's ultimately descended from bacteria.
And maybe that's B right here.
These are B bacteria.
Then there's A, B, and C. And the idea that often gets said very, very lackadaisically is that we are all descended from a common ancestor.
Well, then that implies this.
That implies somewhere along the line there was an ancestor that could not be differentiated, a bacteria versus a fungi or whatever this thing is here.
You can just call this B.
This is single cell bacteria, some kind of like, you know, unit life.
And then that unit life is over here somewhere with a contemporary version of it, but we are descended from that unit life.
That's the story they tell us.
And in our particular story, it's bacteria.
And so in this somewhere are chimps and humans, right?
And so chimps and humans differentiated from, they spread apart from a common ancestor,
that descended ultimately from bacteria.
That is exactly what evolution, evolution because DNA means.
It is a molecular phylogeny.
It is a molecular phylogeny and the branches of this tree are based on this story that a molecule here can be compared to a molecule here and a molecule here and whichever one has the molecule that's closely related to here is closer to the root of the tree.
and now send all the biologists out there and get them to measure lots of stuff and construct a tree like this.
Now, there have been trees like this that have been made from a perspective of anatomy and feather colors and beak shape and all of these other things to imply snapshots in what is inevitably a all-encompassing tree of life that goes through time
right?
And, and evolves from something to everything.
And that's evolution because DNA, that's a process of self-assembly of translating proteins and them doing stuff that lucky for you results in
sort of consciousness and all the things that we experienced in high school, like, you know, love and revenge and crushes and all that stuff.
That's all just, it's all just an illusion that's created by your little, your little brief experience on this, you know, billion year long timeframe.
And so that's what this precisely serves for, is to make you think that you're insignificant
relative to all this, when in reality the only thing of significance is this.
And that's what I see with regard to the binoculars and looking at nature through binoculars, looking at your world through binoculars to change your perspective to be able to see farther away.
to see from a different vantage point, and to see with different depth of field, and more importantly, to be present in the moment.
Because that's all that really matters.
I'm not trying to sound like these guru clowns.
What I'm trying to do is to break the spell that evolution, because DNA, inevitably casts on everybody that hears it.
That we're just a blip
You know, a single grain of sand in this infinitely large hourglass that is human evolution.
And therefore, you better surrender.
Maybe what I'm doing is not so good for the species.
The only thing you can control are the kids you raise.
That's the only control you have over the evolution of the species, the evolution of human culture.
And they are attempting to take over the evolution of human culture.
You like that Scooby-Doo?
Take that over that evolution of that culture by getting us to acquiesce to social media where they can control the narrative and thereby control the culture, at least what the culture is focused on.
That's what I think.
Between the fall of the Roman Empire and Columbus sailing, it took 13 centuries to add 200 million people to the world's population.
Now it takes only three years.
A simple thing like pasteurization, the warming of milk so that the bacteria are killed, and the control of smallpox, things like that have led to a great boom in human numbers.
So overpopulation, which nobody really wants to talk about because it cuts at things like religious beliefs and the freedom of the individual and the autonomy of the family and so forth, is something that we're going to have to deal with.
We probably have to work towards a much smaller worldwide population than six or seven billion.
We probably need to go down to a half that or possibly even a third of that if everybody is going to live comfortably and decently.
Ta-da!
If China were to reach the level of consumption... Finite resources!
It's very unlikely that the world could support the addition of a billion consumers at that level.
Finite resources.
Let's say in China, maybe 200, 300 million people are quote-unquote affluent.
You know, they could afford, relatively speaking, you know, what we get in the West, in the Indias or whatever, 200 million, you know?
So you add up these affluent segments of population in these developing countries or marginalized countries, but still you come up with no more than one and a half, maybe two billion people.
So there is still five billion people waiting to tap into these bonanzas of, you know, plentiful food, cars, decent housing, right?
Higher education for their children.
So the potential demand for resources is immense.
I don't know how many kilometers of personal driving experience he has, but his driving experience as a leader has reached more than 500,000 kilometers.
Whose driver is this?
Is this the one?
Yes.
A little higher.
Stop.
Go.
We'll leave later.
We'll leave after the car in front passes.
The Journey to the West is a story about the ancient legend of China.
It's a legend, a myth.
The four disciples go to the West to get the scriptures.
It's a myth.
I'm the monk Tang in the team.
I'm the master.
I lead the disciples to the West to get the scriptures, to get the essence of life, to enjoy the essence of life.
They live in a small village on the bank of the river.
That's how it is in their village.
Basically, there are no refrigerators at home.
If you want to buy meat, you have to go to a county town 30 kilometers away.
You don't go once a week.
You may only go once a week.
My grandma canned, so she had like a cellar full of canned stuff.
So I think she had tomatoes over the winter, sorry.
You can eat seafood at any time.
I didn't dare to think about this when I was a kid.
The economic development of China, I think, in the past 30 years, the world's evaluation is basically the same.
Whether you like China or you don't like China, we had a lot of problems in the past 30 years, such as environmental problems.
The environment in Beijing was very bad before the Olympic Games.
Now it has changed a lot.
You can't say that.
We've been paying attention to this.
We've been avoiding this all the time.
We've been trying to control this.
This is not a question of going.
This is not an interview for you.
The whole world knows that you can't say it with your mouth.
What do you mean, don't say it?
What you said is very problematic, you know?
We've been trying to control this.
If it doesn't work, I've been working for so many years.
I'm the one who has accumulated the current situation.
If you do this, it will hurt me a lot.
Do you understand?
You don't understand.
I don't know why I'm supposed to feel bad for him.
Did his dad interrupt him somehow?
I don't... What did he say?
The environment in Beijing was very bad before the Olympics.
Now it has improved a lot.
You can't say that.
We've been paying attention to this.
I've been avoiding this all the time.
We've been paying attention to controlling this.
You can't say that.
It's not a question of going.
It's not an interview for you now.
The whole world knows.
You can't say it with your mouth.
Don't say it.
What do you mean don't say it?
You say this is very problematic, you know?
We've been controlling this.
It's not a problem.
I've been working in this studio for so many years.
That's how I got to where I am now.
You can't do that.
It hurts me a lot.
Do you understand?
You can't do that.
It hurts me a lot.
You don't understand.
China's economy in the future...
For thousands of years, China has the longest continuous civilization in the world.
And it is only during the recent period of time, when the European countries started to industrialize, that China started to lag behind.
And therefore, you know, between the first Opium War in around 1840, all the way to about 1978, China went through a roller coaster of great accumulations, wars of aggression by foreign nations, Japanese aggression against China, civil war, collapse of the Qing dynasty, great cultural revolution, chaos in China, that when Deng Xiaoping reemerged in 1978, he basically pointed out the only correct path
We need to go onto a path of growth, and China needs to modernize and industrialize.
And I think that's the beginning of China's correct development onto a right path.
Some people have written about natural capital, the capital that nature provides, which is the clean air, the clean water, the uncut forests, the rich farmland, and the minerals, the oil, the metals.
All of these things are the capital that nature has provided.
And until about 1980, human civilization was able to live on what we might term the interest of that capital, the surplus that nature is able to produce, the food that farmland can grow without actually degrading the farmland, or the number of fish you can pull out of the sea without causing the fish stocks to crash.
But since 1980, we've been using
more than the interest.
And so we are, in effect, like somebody who thinks he's rich because he's spending the money that he's been left in his inheritance, not spending the interest, but eating into the capital.
The last time I visited the New York Stock Exchange was in 1980, and the mood sure was different then.
Government, with its high taxes, excessive spending, and overregulation, had thrown a wrench in the works of our free markets.
With tax reform and budget control, our economy will be free to expand to its full potential, driving the bears back into permanent hibernation.
That's our economic program for the next four years.
We're going to turn the bullet loose.
The world is this big.
It's not this big, and it can't be this big.
It's just this big.
It's a finite sum.
Instead of thinking that nature is this huge bank that we can just, this endless credit card that we can just keep drawing on, we have to think about the finite nature of that planet and how to keep it alive so that we too may remain alive.
Unless we conserve the planet, there isn't going to be any, the economy.
The Ice Age hunter is still us, it's still in us.
Those ancient hunters who thought that there would always be another herd of mammoth over the next hill shared the optimism of the stock trader that there's always going to be another big killing on the stock market in the next week or two.
Okay, so between the constant reference to being a hunter-gatherer, which is sketch, and now we're going to blame it on the stock markets and inflation or the banks or something like that as a way of driving this narrative that we're just lemmings.
It's unfortunate because we are, in a way, like the herd of buffalo being driven like this.
And so the question becomes, who has gotten so good at governing humans that they can get humans to run off a cliff?
That's the question that these people aren't asking.
They're assuming that it's just, you know, an out-of-control biological phenomenon.
This is what culture does.
This is what consumption does.
No, what they should be asking is, who's gotten so good at governing humans that they can make them run off a cliff and not even know that people are running off a cliff ahead of them?
If you're watching the Earth, say, over the last 5,000 or 6,000 years, and you're speeding up your film, what you see is civilizations breaking out like forest fires in one pristine environment after another.
And after a civilization has arisen and sort of burned out the natural resources in that area, then it dies down and another fire breaks out somewhere else.
And now, of course, we have one huge civilization around the world, which we have to confront the possibility that the entire experiment of civilization is in itself a progress trap.
And of course, what is this?
The whole reason is because we ask why.
We got all the way to nukes because we just, it's in our nature to ask why.
I guess now we have to stop asking why or something like that.
Ask a different question.
I'm not sure, but I have a feeling this is malevolent.
The effects are working their way down to all of us.
Will the economy turn around?
I'm not an economist, but I do believe that we're growing.
And I can remember this press conference here, people yelling recession, recession, as if you're economists.
And I'm an optimist.
I believe there's a lot of positive things for our economy.
Faith in progress has become a kind of religious faith, a sort of fundamentalism, rather like the market fundamentalism that has just recently crashed and burned.
The idea that you can let markets rip is a delusion just as the idea that you can let technology rip and it will solve the problems created by itself in a slightly earlier phase.
That has become a belief very similar to the religious delusions that caused some societies to crash and burn in the past.
Written records go back about 4,000 years, and from 2000 BC to the time of Jesus.
It was normal for all of the countries in the world to periodically cancel the debts when they became too large to pay.
So you have Sumer, Babylonia, Egypt, other regions, all proclaiming these debt cancellations, and the effect was to make a clean slate so that society would begin all over again.
This was easy to do in a society where most debts were owed to the state.
It became much harder to do when enterprise and credit passed out of the hands of the state into private hands and into the hands of an oligarchy.
And the last thing they wanted was to have a king that would actually cancel the debts and restore equality.
Rome was the first country of the world not to cancel the debts.
It went to war in Sparta, in Greece, to overthrow the governments and the kings that wanted to cancel the debts.
The wars of the first century BC ended up stripping these countries of everything they had.
Not only did it strip the temples of gold, it stripped the public buildings, it stripped the economies of their reproductive capacity, it stripped them of their water works, it made a desert out of the land.
And it said, a debt is a debt.
The collapse seems to have been closely linked to ecological devastation, which led to all sorts of social and economic and military problems.
In the early stages of the Roman... It's almost like they're telling us that we still live in Rome.
And if that's the case, then we have a duty to our children to make sure that they don't wake up enslaved by Rome as well, in a different form and a different mythology set in a different set of costumes or a different set of, of professional sports teams.
We need to be aware that right now there is an opportunity that hasn't been here in a very long time.
Maybe ever.
It's an extraordinary place we are in our history.
You had a fairly egalitarian landowning system.
began to appropriate public land for their own private estates, more and more peasants became landless.
At the same time, erosion was a serious problem.
So bad that some of the Roman ports silted up with all the topsoil that got washed down from the fields into the river.
Archaeologists have been able to establish how badly degraded much of Italy was by the fall of the Roman Empire and how it took a thousand years of much reduced population during the Middle Ages for fertility in Italy to rebuild.
What was absolutely new in the Roman Empire was irreversible concentration of wealth at the top of the economic pyramid, and that's what progress has meant ever since.
Progress has meant you will never get back what we take from you.
That's what brought on the Dark Age, and it's what's threatened to bring in the Dark Age again if society doesn't realize that if it lets the wealth concentrate in the hand of a financial class, this class is not going to be any more intelligent and long-term in disposing of the wealth than its predecessors were in Rome or in other countries.
Well, the term oligarchy obviously sounds a little esoteric.
It just means a small group of people who've got a lot of political power based on their economic power.
We like to think of the United States as being much more democratic, much more spread out in terms of who has the power.
And oligarchy is something that's usually associated with relatively poor countries, but that view has to be updated because we've got an essential part of that problem, that structure, in the United States today.
People who got all this economic power were in the financial sector.
It was Wall Street, if I can use that shorthand expression.
Wall Street became really powerful.
They used that power to buy influence in Washington, get more deregulation, so to get more of the playing field shaped in the way they wanted, which was no government intervention, no restrictions on what they were going to do.
That enabled them to make a lot more money, which brought them more political power.
And this went on for a considerable period of time until, of course, there was an enormous crash.
But basically, you come to us today on your bicycles after buying Girl Scout cookies and helping out Mother Teresa.
Telling us we're sorry, we didn't mean it, we won't do it again.
Trust us.
Well, I have some people in my constituency that actually robbed some of your banks.
And they say the same thing.
They're sorry, they didn't mean it, they won't do it again.
Just let them out.
Do you understand that this is a little difficult for most of my constituents to take?
That you learned your lesson?
the bankers can't stop themselves.
It's in their DNA, in the DNA of their organizations, to take massive risks, to pay themselves ridiculous salaries, and- It's in their DNA!
To collapse.
And the more that reasonable, responsible people of the center, and the left and the right, see this, the closer we'll get to finally constraining the power of these out-of-control financial oligarchs.
It's not a mystery, it's not a surprise.
We know we have crises every five or 10 years.
My daughter called me from school one day.
And so now we are disguising what is a national security priority to invert the American population to experimental animal status in the next 20 years.
That national security priority is being disguised as just pure greed.
And wherever they invest is just pure greed, you know?
The only reason why Fitbits and stuff are being developed is greed.
The only reason why all this, you know, data collection is greed.
It's much bigger than that, ladies and gentlemen.
It's about all the marbles.
It's about your grandchildren.
It really is about all the marbles.
I can't stress enough how it's about all the marbles, and that means I need to go to the gym with my kids.
Ladies and gentlemen, it was non-specific PCR tests on a background that's irreducibly complex.
RNA cannot pandemic, and that's why they don't want to talk about it anymore.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you use their test to find their ghosts, it didn't make you a Ghostbuster, nor did it make their ghosts real.
There was no pandemic.
There is, there can be no pandemic.
And that is one of the most important lessons to teach our kids.
Rick.
Rick from Eau Claire.
Holy crap.
From Eau Claire.
You know I grew up in Kadat, right?
I mean, I played for the Kadat basketball team.
We never actually played like North or we never played any of the Eau Claire high schools because you guys were out of our size.
But a Rick from Eau Claire, Wisconsin.
That's crazy.
Wow.
Awesome.
A fellow Wisconsin kid.
Thank you very much.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
RNA cannot pandemic.
Transfecting healthy humans is a crime.
And the population pyramid is definitely being managed right now.
Ladies and gentlemen, I will be here tomorrow.
Maybe with a little more organized stream, maybe not.
I don't know, but I will definitely be here tomorrow.
Thanks for being here yourself.
I'll see you then.
One thing I am confident of from everything I've read is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
If you want to send anything to the house or to the family, you can do like Rick from Eau Claire did and send it to PO Box 802, Bethel Park, Pennsylvania 15102.
We need every little bit of help we can get here.
We are working hard though and this will never stop one way or another.
gigaomebiological.com, stream.gigaome.bio and yeah, thanks for being here.